How is that possible?
Is there a problem with this?
It must be a broken machine.
I'll change the machine.
Could it be that there is a problem with the card?
Why don't we change the card?
Yurou, this dress is the treasure of their town store.
How about tens of millions?
How is that possible?
Can you afford a big star?
What happened to tens of millions
I really think I can't afford it.
Brush this
It worked.
The bank refused.
Are you dumping me?
What are you crazy about spending more than 1,000?
I want to buy a dress for the Egut Awards
Because of the promotion
You are now being compensated by major brands.
The money made has already been put into it
Where can I find so much money to buy a skirt?
Let Mr. Lu send you a set at a high price.
How did you earn the money? It's all claimed.
Wouldn't all these years have been in vain?
You shut up because of you
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have made a claim.